Security (#7)
tjav/upskillingquests: Security/Security.md

# Security

Identity is the new security boundary in the cloud, therefore it is recommended that you start the security track with understanding identities.

> 

Reviewer: empty line can be removed

> Security in the cloud relies on Protect, Detect and Response approach. Identities are the first line of defense in protecting cloud resources. Classic practices of least priviledged acces, or the [Ten immutable laws of security](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/cc722487(v=technet.10)) and [Ten immutable laws of secure administration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/cc722488(v=technet.10)) are still relevanty. Still yt would be very naive to think that it is possible to have an unpenetrable defense; It is practically impossible to protect from all types and forms of threat in the modern cloud era. Therefore being always on alert, and focusing on being able to detect different forms of threats and being able to respond to them is the only way to approach security in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security in the cloud relies on Protect, Detect and Response approach. Identities are the first line of defense in protecting cloud resources. Classic practices of least priviledged access, or the [Ten immutable laws of security](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/cc722487(v=technet.10)) and [Ten immutable laws of secure administration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/cc722488(v=technet.10)) are still relevant. Still it would be very naïve to think that it is possible to have an un-penetrable defense; It is practically impossible to protect from all types and forms of threat in the modern cloud era. Therefore being always on alert, and focusing on being able to detect different forms of threats and being able to respond to them is the only way to approach security in the cloud.
```
